# Stand Up! Sample App

DISCLAIMER

This is an admittedly hacky implementation of a license boundary implemented without legal advice. I don't expect it to bear much weight, and don't advise you to follow this pattern with your own code which it is important to you to maintain claim to.

But my intention is to cleanly separate code I have written from code written by the Android Open Source Project (AOSP), while minimizing friction leaning on the great work they have done providing the Now In Andorid app for, as I understand, exactly these purposes, to facilitate standardization and best practices within the Android Community and allow consumers of my project to benefit from the underlying foundation of both code and content around this app.

Code in this directory (`$PROJECT_ROOT/standup/`) or any subdirectories I am claiming I am the primary copyright holder and may, in the future, re-license without explicitly carrying forward AOSP licence requirements. Code in the rest of the repository is copyright AOSP and their license requirements apply. There will be some code at the boundary between the codebase that will be similar, especially as I am leaning heavily on the Now In Android app as a pattern to build on. Insofar as I am copying substantial code from that codebase I intend to honor the license terms that code is shared under, in the same way I would if this were an entirely separate codebase and I was merely drawing on this code as an example rather than this more dynamic connection between the codebases.

In the end I am relying on shared intention and alignment to resolve any disputes amicably, but I am likely on shaky legal ground. In my defense I claim this type of behavior is near universal in application development, large amounts of code are copied from, especially AOSP projects without clear attribution. But by making the link more explicit I am in fact probably exposing myself to some legal risks. Given I do not intend for this project to be a business, I consider those risks to be acceptable.

The main reason I am taking this care is if I choose to extract some code into a separate project with different license terms. My intention would be to only do this with specific code for which I was the clear copyright holder and thus this would be within my rights, avoiding any code for which proper copyright is in the grey. And at all points I try to make clear that I am standing on the shoulders of giants in my work.

This disclaimer is mostly intended to **prevent anyone copying my approach from taking on this risk without understanding**, and to clearly state my intention to anybody who is wondering how I resolve this concern. The fact is I do not. I am leaning on a long history of AOSP and Google supporting open software. It is my intention to respect the license terms of the code they hold copyright to and, to clearly delineate it from the code I consider to be mine. But as often happens when code meets law, it is complicated and there will be some shades of grey. If that becomes an issue, well, I will take that on the chin as it comes. Such are the dangers of building in the open, and this is the best compromise I can think of for an open project with no significant budget.
